Updated kit structure (#1167)
eclipse-tractusx/eclipse-tractusx.github.io: docs/website-guidelines/kit-structure.md

Each folder/KIT's content is structured in at least four pages/subfolders:

- Adoption View -> `adoption-view.md`
- Software Operation View -> `software-operation-view.md`
- Documentation -> `documentation.md`
- Software Development View/
  - Specification -> `software-development-view.md`
  - OpenAPI link to SwaggerHub
  - Another OpenAPI definition/
  - ...

## Steps to add a NewKit documentation

> 1. Create a folder under the `./docs/kits` with the name of the KIT you are developing the documentation of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a folder under the `./docs/-kits/kits` with the name of the KIT you are developing the documentation of using the kebab-case naming schema.
```

Is that correct? Shouldn't that be `./docs-kits/kits`?

                ├── adoption-view.md
                ├── software-development.md
                └── software-operation-view.md
    ```

6. Inside the `new-kit` folder, add a `documentation.md` file with the content that suits your use case.

    ```md
    root
    └── docs-kits
        └── kits
            └── new-kit
                ├── changelog.md
                ├── adoption-view.md
                ├── software-development.md
                ├── software-operation-view.md
                └── documentation.md

7. If you want to add additional pages to your KIT, add a folder with the same name as the .md file under which the pages should be added (e.g.`software-development-view` - `software-development-view.md`) and place the .md in it and the additional pages.

    ```md
    root
    └── docs-kits
        └── kits
            └── new-kit
                ├── changelog.md
                ├── adoption-view.md
                ├── software-operation-view.md
                └── software-development-view
                    ├── software-development-view.md
                    └── additional-page.md
                └── documentation.md
                    
    ```

> 8. To generate the `OpenAPI` based documentation of your KIT, please publish the API on SwaggerHub

Reviewer 2: We have to change this because here the API-Hub should be used instead of swagger hub. i think this needs to be mentioned? Are you in this topic?

https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/api-hub/tree/main

Author: Nope, please change accordingly.

Reviewer 2: On my ToDo List

> 8. To generate the `OpenAPI` based documentation of your KIT, please publish the API on SwaggerHub

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. To generate the `OpenAPI` based documentation of your KIT, please see the [api-hub](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/api-hub/blob/main/README.md) documentation and related [TRG 1.08 - Interface documentation (APIs)](https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/docs/release/trg-1/trg-1-08/)
```
